✨(web_analytics) allow multiple providers (#1877)
openfun/richie: docs/web-analytics.md

## Google Tag Manager
Next, it is described how you can configure the **Google Tag Manager**, `gtm.js`, on your Richie site.

Add the `WEB_ANALYTICS` setting, with the Google Tag Manager configuration, for example:

```python
{
    'google_tag_manager': {
        'tracking_id': 'TRACKING_ID',
    }
}
```

And don't forget to replace the `TRACKING_ID` with your `GTM` tracking id/code.

The current Google Tag Manager implementation also defines a custom dimensions like the [Google Universal Analytics](#google-analytics).

If you want to use the Environments feature of the Google Tag Manager, you need to include the `environment` key with its value on `google_tag_manager` dict inside the `WEB_ANALYTICS` setting. 

_The environments feature in Google Tag Manager is ideal for organizations that want to preview their container changes in a test environment before those changes are published_.

```python
{
    'google_tag_manager': {
        'tracking_id': 'TRACKING_ID',
        'environment': '&gtm_auth=aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa&gtm_preview=env-99&gtm_cookies_win=x';
    }
}
```

## Multiple Web Analytics at the same time

> It is possible to have configured different web analytics solutions at the same time or the same solution with different tracking identifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to configure several web analytics solutions at the same time or the same solution with different tracking identifications.
```

Author: Changed.
